##To install docker
brew install docker

K8s Architecture:
Node - it is a machine physical or virtual machine on which k8s is installed it is a worker machine and this is where 
the containers will be launched
Also known as Minion

Problem - what if node fails ?
Ans - the application on that node also fails
Soln - have multiple Node or Cluster

What is Cluster?
It is a group on Node .. or a set of Node and on each node your application is runing
it also helps in load sharing among different nodes

Problem - who will manage this cluster means who will decide how many node are up and report when a node fails then
how it move workload from one node to other
Soln- Master it is just another node with configuration information and its responsible for orchestration of container on
the worker nodes.

When you install Kubernetes on a System, you are actually installing the following
components. An API Server. An ETCD service. A kubelet service. A Container Runtime,
Controllers and Schedulers.
The API server acts as the front-end for kubernetes. The users, management devices,
Command line interfaces all talk to the API server to interact with the kubernetes
cluster.
Next is the ETCD key store. ETCD is a distributed reliable key-value store used by
kubernetes to store all data used to manage the cluster. Think of it this way, when you
have multiple nodes and multiple masters in your cluster, etcd stores all that
information on all the nodes in the cluster in a distributed manner. ETCD is
responsible for implementing locks within the cluster to ensure there are no conflicts
between the Masters.
The scheduler is responsible for distributing work or containers across multiple
nodes. It looks for newly created containers and assigns them to Nodes.
28
The controllers are the brain behind orchestration. They are responsible for noticing
and responding when nodes, containers or endpoints goes down. The controllers
makes decisions to bring up new containers in such cases.
The container runtime is the underlying software that is used to run containers. In our
case it happens to be Docker.
And finally kubelet is the agent that runs on each node in the cluster. The agent is
responsible for making sure that the containers are running on the nodes as
expected.

Ques - How One become master and other become server?
Ans - To be a Master you need following powers
   kub-apiserver 
   etcd
   controller
   scheduler
   The worker node (or minion) as it is also known, is were the containers are hosted. 
   To be a worker you need
    kubelet - that is responsible for interacting with the master to provide health information of the worker node and carry out
    actions requested by the master on the worker nodes. 
    Controller Runtime - its run docker container here we use DOCKER
    
    
Setup K8s
  brew install kubectl
  Download VirtualBox @ virtualbox.org
  brew cask install minikube
  minikube start
  minikube status
  
  Q: What is Minikube
  
  
  Q:What is POD
  
  in k8s we want do deploy our applications into worker nodes form of container in various nodes but containers cant be deployed directly into 
  worker nodes they need to be encapsulated in k8 objects knows as POD
  POD is smallest instance in k8s
  
  Now Lets suppose you have a single instance of your application running inside docker container encapslated inside POD in a single NODE
  what if Load increase -> Would you add mulitiple instance of application inside same pod
  NO POD follows ONE-ONE relationship which means that ONE POD ->ONE Container -> One instance of application instead you will
  create another pod within same node 
  so 1 Node= M*Pods where M is limit of a maxmium POD a node can handle
     1 Pod = 1 Container
     1 Container = Single Instace of application
     
  what if M reaches maximum limit you will add more nodes
  
  1 Kubernetes Cluster = N Nodes
