Node  - is machine virtual/physical on which k8s is installed
      - containers are hosted here
      
Cluster - it is a set of Nodes{N1,N2,N3---Nn}

Q:Why we need cluster is one node not enough?
A:if the node on which our application is running fails? Well, obviously our
application goes down. So you need to have more than one nodes for high availability
and scaling


Q:How Cluster is managed means there are N number of nodes who montiors node?
A: Master node come as a supervisior it his resposbility to watch
over the nodes in the cluster and is responsible for the actual orchestration of
containers on the worker nodes. 


Q:What is the Architecture of k8s
A: it consist of following components:
1.API server : it  acts as the front-end for kubernetes. The users, management devices,
Command line interfaces all talk to the API server to interact with the kubernetes
cluster.

2.ETCD key store:  ETCD is a distributed reliable key-value store used by
kubernetes to store all data used to manage the cluster. Think of it this way, when you
have multiple nodes and multiple masters in your cluster, etcd stores all that
information on all the nodes in the cluster in a distributed manner. ETCD is
responsible for implementing locks within the cluster to ensure there are no conflicts
between the Masters. 

3.Scheduler: It is responsible for distributing work or containers across multiple
nodes. It looks for newly created containers and assigns them to Nodes. 

4.Controllers: The controllers are the brain behind orchestration. They are responsible for noticing
and responding when nodes, containers or endpoints goes down. The controllers
makes decisions to bring up new containers in such cases.

5.Container Runtime: It is the underlying software that is used to run containers. In our
case it happens to be Docker. 

6.Kubelet: It is the agent that runs on each node in the cluster. The agent is
responsible for making sure that the containers are running on the nodes as
expected. 

Note: An additional component on the Node is the kube-proxy. It takes care of networking
within Kubernetes.

Q. Among all these which are part of Master Node and which are of worker node?

Worker Node                                                 Master Node
Container Runtime (docker)                                  Kube-api server which interact with kubelet of worker node

Kubelet: it interact with master kube api server            etcd,controller,scheduler all are parts of master ndoe


